It's easy to force the browser to download a file.
You can do that using the download method of the response object.
So let's define our fun slash download route to try this out.
We will be calling the response helper function that will return the response object and then we will
call the downloads method of it.
So the first argument is the path to the fire.
Well, let's first get some file to download.
So under this lecture, you will be able to download this image, make sure you copy it and in your
project folder, go to the public folder and just pasted their.
Now back to the code, so the first argument is the path to the file now to actually give the proper
path to your public folder, you can call the public path helper function.
And now inside it, let's just put slash Daniel Jabe jpeg.
Well, the extension, OK.
The second argument is an optional name, the user will see if it needs to be different from the original
filename so it can be, for example, the face jpg and the third is the least of an optional headers
to return.
This is an array, so we won't add any additional headers.
So let's skip that.
Now we are done and we can try it out in the browser, so the URL is fun, download and to download
should be initiated, but it might not be started automatically as this depends on your browser.
You can see on the bottom that might download has actually started if you missed out.
Let's see this again.
I'll type the euro and watch the bottom as it gets downloaded automatically.